Due to a filtering error in the 13F reporting software used by our firm, certain holdings were unintentionally omitted from amendments 1 and 2. Please disregard amendments 1 and 2.  Amendments 3 and 4 should be compared against our original filing for this reporting period.
nan
This Amendment No. 1 restates the Form 13F filed by Generali Asset Management SPA SGR on February 10, 2025 for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 (the "Original Report"). This Amendment No. 1 corrects data in Column 8 (Voting Authority). All other information contained in the Original Report, including holdings, values, and share amounts, remains unchanged.
This amendment restates the entries to Schedule 13F for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. Following submission, it was identified that certain entries incorrectly included shares that are out of scope for reporting on Form 13F. Additionally eleven (11) entries are updated and three (3) are added to include certain shares that were inadvertently omitted. The 13F Holdings Report includes options that deliver two different securities and each has been reflected separately. The 13F Holdings Report includes options that deliver securities which are not on the SEC's Official List of Section 13(F) Securities.
This amendment designates PUT or CALL in column 5 for securities subject to put or call options. This designation had been omitted from the Form 13 for the quarter ended March 31, 2025 which was originally reported on May 9, 2025. This impacts 1,066 options positions.
All media outlets, please contact Carly Symington at AllianceBernstein (629-213-5568) with any questions. All other questions can be directed to Section13USFilings@alliancebernstein.com.
The Reporting Manager, Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 Asset Management, L.P., is under common control with Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
Man Group plc, which is the institutional investment manager filing this Form 13F, is the parent company which indirectly, through various intermediate entities, controls the Other Included Managers that exercise investment discretion over Section 13(f) securities.  Based on this corporate structure, Man Group plc is deemed to have shared investment discretion over the Section 13(f) positions of each of the Other Included Managers.
The Institutional Investment Manager filing this report is a relying adviser (as defined under the SEC's Form ADV) of Millennium Management LLC. Certain holdings included in this report involve discretion exercised by one or more relying advisers of Millennium Management LLC, affiliated with the Institutional Investment Manager, that are not separately identified on this report.
Daniel R. Marcus signs this Report as Attorney-in-Fact for David E. Shaw, President of D. E. Shaw & Co., Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co., Inc. may be deemed an institutional investment manager in its capacity as the general partner of D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P., which in turn is the managing member of certain other affiliated institutional investment managers. D. E. Shaw & Co., Inc. does not exercise investment or voting discretion, and therefore disclaims such discretion, with respect to Section 13(f) securities. D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P. may be deemed to exercise investment or voting discretion for affiliated institutional investment managers. D. E. Shaw & Co., L.P. does not exercise investment or voting discretion, and therefore disclaims such discretion, with respect to Section 13(f) securities over which such affiliated institutional investment managers exercise investment or voting discretion.
Each of the holdings described below is held directly or indirectly by Millennium Partners, L.P. or one or more affiliated investment funds that invest a portion of their assets in Millennium Partners, L.P. The Other Included Managers Nos. 1 and 2 and the Other Manager Reporting for this Manager described herein are relying advisers (as defined under the SEC's Form ADV) of the Institutional Investment Manager filing this report (the "Institutional Investment Manager"). Certain holdings included in this report involve discretion exercised by other relying advisers of the Institutional Investment Manager that are not separately identified on this report. In addition, certain holdings included in this report are also reported in the holdings reports of other institutional investment managers that may be deemed to have shared investment discretion over such holdings, but on whose behalf the Institutional Investment Manager does not file holdings reports. For purposes of responding to Column 4 of the Information Table, values of all warrants that are 13(f) securities are valued based on the closing price of such warrants as of the quarter end.
This Form 13F holdings report is being filed on behalf of Two Sigma Investments, LP ("Investments"). Investments serves as the sole manager or investment manager, as applicable, of (i) Two Sigma Equity Portfolio, LLC ("Equity"), Two Sigma Spectrum Portfolio, LLC ("Spectrum"), Two Sigma Futures Portfolio, LLC ("Futures"), Two Sigma Horizon Portfolio, LLC ("Horizon"), Two Sigma Blazar Portfolio, LLC ("Blazar"), Two Sigma Navigator Portfolio, LLC ("Navigator") and Two Sigma Equity Spectrum Portfolio, LLC ("Equity Spectrum"), seven investment entities that are managed by Investments, each of which may be deemed to be an "other manager" for purposes of this Form 13F report and (ii) Two Sigma Galileo Portfolio, LLC ("Galileo") and Two Sigma Pioneer Portfolio, LLC ("Pioneer") two investment entities that are managed by Investments and that each may not presently be deemed to be an "other manager" for purposes of this Form 13F report. Investments, rather than Equity, Spectrum, Futures, Horizon, Blazar, Navigator, Equity Spectrum, Galileo or Pioneer exercises sole investment discretion and voting authority over the securities held in the various accounts of Equity, Spectrum, Futures, Horizon, Blazar, Navigator, Equity Spectrum, Galileo and Pioneer.
This Form 13F holdings report is being filed on behalf of Two Sigma Advisers, LP ("Advisers"). Advisers serves as the sole manager or investment manager, as applicable, of (i) Two Sigma Absolute Return Portfolio, LLC ("Absolute Return"), Two Sigma Active Extension U.S. All Cap Equity Portfolio, LLC ("Active Extension All Cap"), Two Sigma Active Extension U.S. Small Cap Equity Fund, LP ("Active Extension Small Cap"), Two Sigma World Core Fund, LP ("World Core") and Two Sigma Equity Risk Premia Portfolio, LLC ("Equity Risk Premia"), five investment entities that are managed by Advisers, each of which may be deemed to be an "other manager" for purposes of this Form 13F report, (ii) Two Sigma International Core Portfolio, LLC ("International Core") and Two Sigma Macro Risk Premia Portfolio, LLC ("Macro Risk Premia"), two investment entities that are managed by Advisers and that may not presently be deemed to be an "other manager" for purposes of this Form 13F report and (iii) one or more separately managed accounts and sub-advised accounts (collectively, the "Managed Accounts"), each of which may not presently be deemed to be an "other manager" for purposes of this 13F report. Advisers, rather than Absolute Return, Active Extension All Cap, Active Extension Small Cap, World Core, Equity Risk Premia, International Core, Macro Risk Premia or the Managed Accounts, exercises sole investment discretion and voting authority over the securities held in the various accounts of Absolute Return, Active Extension All Cap, Active Extension Small Cap, World Core, Equity Risk Premia, International Core, Macro Risk Premia and in the Managed Accounts.
Baird Financial Group, Inc. ("BFG") is making this 13F filing as the parent holding company of Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Strategas Asset Management, LLC ("SAM"), Baird Trust Company, and Baird Financial Corporation and with respect to certain securities over which SAM and Vident Advisory, LLC have shared investment discretion. The characterization of shared investment discretion with parent holding companies is made solely as a consequence of SEC interpretations regarding control through share ownership. BFG expressly disclaims investment discretion and beneficial ownership of all reported securities.
* Signed pursuant to a Power of Attorney dated July 23, 2015.
Please contact Anthony Gilsoul (0033144459754) and BOR@axa-im.com with any questions.
Morgan Stanley is restating its 13F due to the erroneous inclusion of a holding in CUSIP 02215L209. There are no other changes to the positions reported.
The 13F Holdings Report includes options that deliver two different securities and each has been reflected separately.   The 13F Holdings Report includes options that deliver securities which are not on the SEC's Official List of Section 13(F) Securities.
MML Investors Services, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Wherever MML Investors Services, LLC has indicated that it exercises investment discretion with respect to the positions reported on this Form 13F, such positions shall be deemed reported on behalf of MassMutual to the extent that MassMutual is deemed to share investment discretion over the positions as a result of MassMutual's direct ownership interest in MML Investors Services, LLC.
Please note that this 13F Holdings Report filer is affiliated with Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and Provida Pension Fund Administrator who are also filing 13F Holdings Reports. Each entity is filing its own 13F Holdings Report because each entity has investment discretion over certain 13(f) securities reported. All three 13F Holdings Report filers are under common control of their ultimate parent, MetLife, Inc., who is filing a 13F Combination Report.
SEI Investments Company (SEI) is the parent holding company of certain institutional investment managers, as defined by Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act"). For purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder, SEI does not exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its investment operating subsidiaries exercise such discretion. To the extent, however, that SEI's ownership interest in such subsidiaries may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13F obligation for SEI, the information required by Form 13F is reported herein on behalf of the following subsidiaries: SEI Investments Management Corporation ("SIMC"), SEI Trust Company and SEI Investments Canada Company (SEI Canada). Voting authority with respect to the Section 13(f) securities reported herein resides with and is exercised by SEI's operating subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. Although SEI has not been delegated voting authority over such Section 13(f) securities, and disclaims such voting authority, pursuant to instruction 12b.viii of Form 13F, and for that purpose only, such Section 13(f) securities are reported as "Sole Voting Authority." SIMC and SEI Canada each serve as an investment adviser to a number of pooled investment vehicles, which may include mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, collective investment trusts and offshore investment funds (together, the "Pooled Investment Vehicles"). In addition, SIMC sponsor and may serve as adviser to, separately managed account programs (SMA Programs) . SIMC and SEI Canada may act as a "manager of managers" whereby each retain, subject to SIMC's and SEI Canada's oversight, respectively, sub-advisers to buy and sell securities on behalf of such Pooled Investment Vehicles and SMA Programs. To the extent that SIMC's and SEI Canada's role as a manager of managers could give rise to a Form 13F obligation, SIMC or SEI Canada has instructed its sub-advisers to file a Form 13F with respect to such securities and has included such sub-advisers in the "list of other managers reporting for this manager" below. The Amendment for 03/31/2025 is restating the holdings for the Managers, SEI Trust Co and SEI Investments Management Corp.
Collateral received through secured lending and borrowing transactions in the form of securities where Norges Bank has the right to sell or pledge the security, is not recognized in its balance sheet unless reinvested. Correspondingly, such collateral is not reflected in our 13F reporting.
Starting with the quarter ending [December 31, 2024], the Reporting Person is filing Form 13F-HR to report the positions in Section 13(f) Securities over which its subsidiaries exercise investment discretion, and the subsidiaries that exercise investment discretion over $100 million in Section 13(f) Securities will file Form 13F-NT and identify the Reporting Person as the "Other Manager Reporting for this Manager."  Prior to this quarter, certain of the Reporting Person's subsidiaries had filed Form 13F-HR to report the positions in Section 13(f) Securities over which such subsidiary directly or indirectly exercised investment discretion, and certain other subsidiaries filed Form 13F-NT.
SEI Investments Company (SEI) is the parent holding company of certain institutional investment managers, as defined by Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act"). For purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Act, and the rules promulgated thereunder, SEI does not exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its investment operating subsidiaries exercise such discretion. To the extent, however, that SEI's ownership interest in such subsidiaries may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13F obligation for SEI, the information required by Form 13F is reported herein on behalf of the following subsidiaries: SEI Investments Management Corporation ("SIMC"), SEI Trust Company and SEI Investments Canada Company (SEI Canada). Voting authority with respect to the Section 13(f) securities reported herein resides with and is exercised by SEI's operating subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. Although SEI has not been delegated voting authority over such Section 13(f) securities, and disclaims such voting authority, pursuant to instruction 12b.viii of Form 13F, and for that purpose only, such Section 13(f) securities are reported as "Sole Voting Authority." SIMC and SEI Canada each serve as an investment adviser to a number of pooled investment vehicles, which may include mutual funds, hedge funds, private equity funds, collective investment trusts and offshore investment funds (together, the "Pooled Investment Vehicles"). In addition, SIMC sponsor and may serve as adviser to, separately managed account programs (SMA Programs) . SIMC and SEI Canada may act as a "manager of managers" whereby each retain, subject to SIMC's and SEI Canada's oversight, respectively, sub-advisers to buy and sell securities on behalf of such Pooled Investment Vehicles and SMA Programs. To the extent that SIMC's and SEI Canada's role as a manager of managers could give rise to a Form 13F obligation, SIMC or SEI Canada has instructed its sub-advisers to file a Form 13F with respect to such securities and has included such sub-advisers in the "list of other managers reporting for this manager" below.
Starting with the quarter ending March 31, 2025, the Reporting Manager's List of Other Included Managers adds Fiduciary Trust International of California & Fiduciary Trust International of the South as additional investment managers with respect to which this report is filed.
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.  is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.
BOSTON PARTNERS FORMERLY REPORTED UNDER ROBECO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT.
For certain positions, Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd. ("NAM Tokyo") may have investment discretion and/or may have delegated sole investment discretion to certain sub-advisers, while retaining voting authority. In such situations, the number of shares that NAM Tokyo is listing on the 13F as having investment discretion may be lower than the number of shares that NAM Tokyo is listing on the 13F as having voting authority over.
The remainder of our 13F reportable holdings are reported through a sub-advisory relationship with Aperio Group.  Aperio is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc..  Thus, Aperio's holdings are reported on BlackRock's quarterly 13F filings.
Certain entities included in the List of Other Included Managers set forth below are controlled by intermediate holding companies. Any Section 13(f) securities over which such intermediate holding companies are deemed to exercise investment discretion have been reported by FMR LLC.
Federated Hermes, Inc.(Federated Hermes) is affiliated with the institutional investment managers listed on the summary page of this Form 13F in the manner described below.By virtue of Rule 13F-1(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Federated Hermes is deemed to share investment discretion over all investments reported herein.This filing does not constitute an admission that such investment discretion does in fact exist, but is made solely to comply with applicable law.The information set forth below is numbered to correspond with the names of the other parties with respect to which this schedule is filed as listed at the bottom of the cover page hereof: 1.Federated Investment Counseling (FIC) is an Investment Adviser to certain Federated Funds, Federated International Funds, PLC, Federated Unit Trust, and certain private investment accounts.FIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes.Federated Hermes exercises investment discretion over certain investments as reported by FIC.FIC exercises investment discretion over the investments identified with the number 1 under Item 7 in the attached tables.This filing is made on behalf of FIC with respect to all investments over which it exercises investment discretion.2.Federated Investment Management Company (FIM) is the Investment Adviser to certain Federated Funds.FIM is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes.Subject to guidelines established by the Boards of Trustees or Directors of the aforementioned Funds, FIM exercises investment discretion over the investments identified with the number 2 under Item 7 in the attached tables.This filing is made on behalf of FIM with respect to all investments over which it exercises investment discretion.8.Federated Advisory Services Company (FASC) is an Investment Adviser that provides investment advice and other services to related advisers.9.Federated Equity Management Company of Pennsylvania (FEMCOPA) is the Investment Adviser to certain Federated Funds.FEMCOPA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes.Subject to guidelines established by the Boards of Trustees or Directors of the aforementioned Funds, FEMCOPA exercises investment discretion over the investments identified with the number 9 under Item 7 in the attached tables.This filing is made on behalf of FEMCOPA with respect to all investments over which it exercises investment discretion.21.Federated Global Investment Management Corp.(Global) is the Investment Adviser to certain Federated Funds and certain private investment accounts.Global is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes.Subject to guidelines established by the Board of Trustees or Directors of the aforementioned Funds, Global exercises investment discretion over the investments identified with the number 21 under Item 7 in the attached tables.This filing is made on behalf of Global with respect to all investments over which it exercises investment discretion.22.Federated MDT Advisers (MDT) is the Investment Adviser to certain Federated Funds and certain private investment accounts.MDT is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes.Subject to guidelines established by the Boards of Trustees or Directors of the aforementioned Funds, MDT exercises investment discretion over the investments identified with the number 22 under Item 7 in the attached tables.This filing is made on behalf of MDT with respect to all investments over which it exercises investment discretion.23.Hermes Investment Management Limited (HIML) is the Investment Adviser to certain registered and non-registered funds and private investment accounts.HIML is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Federated Hermes Limited (formerly Hermes Fund Managers Limited), which Federated Hermes indirectly owns a 100% interest.HIML exercises investment discretion over certain investments identified with number 23.This filing is made on behalf of HIML with respect to some investments over which it exercises investment discretion.
The Information Table Value total is actually $131,180,969 but the XML file reads $131,179 due to a combination of rounding and the column being titled "Value ($1000)". Each value in this column has been divided by 1000 per the required format.
Market Value is rounded to the nearest thousandths place.
Cetera Advisor Networks closed as a registered investment adviser and transitioned all fee based/advisory business to a related Firm, Cetera Investment Advisers, LLC.   Cetera Advisors closed as a registered investment adviser and transitioned all fee based/advisory business to a related Firm, Cetera Investment Advisers, LLC.
AMG NATIONAL TRUST BANK ACQUIRED THE ASSETS OF BOYS, ARNOLD & CO INC (CIK: 0001082020) AS OF JUNE 1, 2020 AND HAS INCLUDED THE DISCRETIONARY ASSETS OF BOYS, ARNOLD & CO INC IN THIS REPORT.
BlackRock, Inc. is the parent holding company of certain institutional investment managers. For purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act), and the rules promulgated thereunder, BlackRock, Inc. itself does not exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its investment operating subsidiaries exercise such discretion. To the extent, however, that BlackRock Inc.'s ownership interest in such subsidiaries may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13F obligation on behalf of BlackRock, Inc., the information required by Form 13F is reported herein on behalf of all such subsidiaries.
Please note that a de minimis portion of those shares listed as having sole voting authority in Column 8 of the Information Table may have non-voting authority. Please also note that positions of interlisted Canadian issuers are aggregates of purchases made on US and Canadian exchanges.
XPONANCE, INC. IS A CONSOLIDATION OF OUR PREDECESSOR ENTITY, FIS GROUP, INC. WITH ITS WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY, PIEDMONT INVESTMENT ADVISORS, INC., (CIK: 0001270341) AND THE RESULTING INTEGRATION OF THE TWO FIRMS INVESTMENT PRODUCTS AND PERSONNEL AND ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT.
Raymond James Financial Inc (RJF) is submitting an amendment to Form 13F-HR filing for the quarter ending December 31, 2024. The amendment is intended to provide the specific holdings of the various subsidiaries for each reporting manager associated with the same CIK compared to the collective reporting with a combined total. The amendment will allow the disclosure of the Reporting Person's subsidiaries that have filed Form 13F-NT to report the position in Section 13(f) Securities over which each subsidiary directly or indirectly exercise investment discretion while maintaining Raymond James Financial Inc as the parent (Filer) for Form 13F-HR.
Amendment being filed to modify the positions previously disclosed
MassMutual Private Wealth & Trust is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). MassMutual Private Wealth & Trust has indicated that it exercises investment discretion with respect to the positions reported on this Form 13F, such positions shall be deemed reported on behalf of MassMutual to the extent that MassMutual is deemed to share investment discretion over the positions as a result of MassMutual's direct ownership interest in MassMutual Private Wealth & Trust.
The filing was late due to waiting for the approval of the Form ID in order to obtain the new CCC on the EDGAR Filer Management.
The Reporting Person is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Crestline Management, L.P. ("Crestline").  Effective January 2, 2025, the Reporting Person became a registered investment advisor and began exercising investment discretion over positions in Section 13(f) Securities.  Accordingly, starting with the Form 13F for Q1 2025, positions in Section 13(f) Securities over which the Reporting Person exercises investment discretion are reported separately by the Reporting Person in its own Form 13F, instead of in the Form 13F filed by Crestline.
This 13F Report is being filed by The TCW Group, Inc. ("TCW") on behalf of itself and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, which collectively constitute the TCW business unit (the "TCW Business Unit"). Investment funds affiliated with The Carlyle Group, L.P. ("The Carlyle Group") own an indirect minority controlling interest in TCW. The TCW Business Unit is managed separately and operated independently. TCW is the parent holding company of a number of operating subsidiaries some of which are or may be ""institutional investment managers"" for purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Act") and the rules promulgated thereunder. TCW itself does not in fact exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its operating subsidiaries in fact exercise investment discretion. To the extent, however, that TCW's ownership interest in such operating units may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13(f) filing obligation on behalf of TCW, the information required by Form 13(f) is reported herein on behalf of certain of TCW's operating units, some of which are themselves institutional investment managers subject to Section 13(f) of the Act. In that regard, the Section 13(f) securities positions of TCW Asset Management Company LLC, Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC, TCW Investment Management Company LLC, and Sepulveda Management LLC are included in this Form 13F report. ALPS Advisors, Inc., GuideStone Capital Management, LLC, and SEI Investments Management Corporation are advisers to certain accounts sub-advised by TCW Investment Management Company LLC and Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC, and securities held in those accounts are included herein.
*Perpetual Limited (Perpetual) is the Australian parent holding company of (i) certain U.S. institutional investment managers, Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC (Barrow Hanley), Trillium Asset Management, LLC (Trillium), and Thompson, Siegel and Walmsley, LLC (TSW), (ii) certain Australian institutional investment managers, Pendal Group Ltd. (Pendal) and Perpetual Investment Management Limited (PIML), and (iii) J O Hambro Capital Ltd. (JOHCM Ltd.). For purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act), and the rules promulgated thereunder, Perpetual itself does not exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its investment manager subsidiaries exercise such discretion. To the extent, however, that Perpetual's controlling ownership interest in such subsidiaries may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13F obligation on behalf of Perpetual, the information required by Form 13F is reported herein on behalf of such subsidiaries. U.S. institutional investment managers, Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC (Barrow Hanley), Trillium Asset Management, LLC (Trillium), and Thompson, Siegel and Walmsley, LLC (TSW) are separately fulfilling their own reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act) and therefore have not been included in the List of Other Included Managers.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 (DIFC) Limited, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282), Point72 Middle East FZE  (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
*NOTE: The investment manager filing this report is deemed to have investment discretion with respect to securities over which Brevan Howard (Hong Kong) Limited ("BHHK"), Brevan Howard Investment Products Limited ("BHIPL"), Brevan Howard Cayman SEZC Limited ("BHCSL"), Brevan Howard Asset Management LLP ("BHAM"), Brevan Howard US Investment Management LP ("BHUS"), Brevan Howard (Tel Aviv) Limited ("BHTA") and Brevan Howard Private Limited ("BHPL"), subsidiaries of the investment manager, exercise investment discretion as a result of the investment manager having control over BHHK, BHIPL, BHCSL, BHAM, BHUS, BHTA and BHPL.
Note: Certain holdings included in this 13F report may be reported in the 13F holdings reports of other institutional investment managers that may be deemed to share investment discretion with Prelude Capital Management, LLC ("Prelude"), but on whose behalf Prelude is not filing this report.
The institutional investment manager filing this report (the "Reporting Manager") has delegated to certain subadvisors (collectively, "Subadvisers") sole investment and/or voting discretion with respect to certain of the securities reported herein, and such securities may also be reported in the Forms 13F filed by one or more of such Subadvisers. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or otherwise, that the Reporting Manager has investment discretion or voting authority over any securities reported herein and, notwithstanding the inclusion of any security in this report, the Reporting Manager expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of any security reported herein with respect to which it has delegated sole investment and voting discretion to a Subadviser and does not presently have the right to terminate such delegation within sixty days. Further, the filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13 (d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act or otherwise, that the Reporting Manager or any Subadviser is a member of a group for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of any such security.
All media outlets, please contact Erik Bass (212-314-2476) with any questions.
On April 1, 2025, Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. ("Sandy Spring") was merged with and into Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation ("Atlantic Union"), with  Atlantic Union continuing as the surviving corporation. Immediately following the merger, Sandy Spring's wholly owned subsidiary bank, Sandy Spring  Bank, was merged with and into Atlantic Union's wholly owned subsidiary bank, Atlantic Union Bank, with Atlantic Union Bank continuing as the  surviving bank (the "Bank Merger"). As a result of the Bank Merger, West Financial Services, Inc. and SSB Wealth Management, Inc. became direct  subsidiaries of Atlantic Union Bank.
As of January 1, 2023, Cypress Capital Management, LLC (Cypress) (CRD # 109955) was merged into WSFS Capital Management, LLC (WSFS) (CRD #: 285359), and the combined entity was renamed Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC (Bryn Mawr) (CRD #: 285359). Cypress has withdrawn its registration as an Investment Adviser with the SEC, and its holdings are being reported under Bryn Mawrs 13F filing for the quarter ending 12/31/22, as is WSFS holdings for the quarter ending 12/31/22.
Part of the securities reported herein are held for members of the public through, among others, provident funds and/or mutual funds and/or pension funds and/or insurance policies, which are managed by subsidiaries of Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. ("Harel Holdings"), each of which subsidiaries operates under independent management and makes independent voting and investment decisions, with investment discretion over such securities exercised by either Harel Insurance Company Ltd., Harel Mutual Funds Ltd., Harel Sal Ltd. or Harel Finance Asset Management Ltd. (collectively, the "Harel Entities") or Harel Holdings. Each Harel Entity is a direct or indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Harel Holdings. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Harel Holdings or by any of the Harel Entities that it is the beneficial owner, or that it shares the power to vote or dispose, of any of such securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Harel Holdings and the Harel Entities disclaims (i) beneficial ownership of any such securities except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein and (ii) sharing the power to vote or dispose of any such securities.
Legg Mason, Inc., 13F File Number 028-01700 ("LMI"), was acquired by Franklin Resources, Inc., 13F File Number 028-00734 ("FRI") on July 31, 2020. Through the quarter ended June 30, 2020 Royce & Associates LP was an Other Manager Reporting for LMI and reported its holdings of 13F Securities on a 13F Holdings Report. As a result of that acquisition, beginning with the quarter ended September 30, 2020, Royce & Associates LP is now listed as an Other Manager Reporting for FRI and is reporting its holdings of 13F Securities on a 13F Combination Report.
Under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder, AlTi Global, Inc. may be deemed to have shared investment discretion with TIG Advisors, LLC (TIG Advisors) and certain investment funds managed by TIG Advisors (the TIG Funds).  However, TIG Advisors and the TIG Funds file separate Form 13Fs from AlTi Global, Inc.
First Eagle Investment Management, LLC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ("First Eagle") may be deemed to be ultimately controlled by Blackstone Inc. and its affiliates ("Blackstone") and Corsair Capital LLC and its affiliates ("Corsair"). First Eagle has an information barrier in place with Blackstone and Corsair. However, under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder, each of Blackstone and Corsair may be deemed to have shared investment discretion with First Eagle over the securities managed by First Eagle.
The securities reported in the holdings report of this Form 13F are beneficially owned by Y.D. More Investments Ltd and by entities that are direct or indirect, wholly-owned or majority-owned, subsidiaries of Y.D. More Investments Ltd ("Subsidiaries"). The economic interest or beneficial ownership in a portion of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of public investors or members in, among others, mutual funds, investment portfolios, investment funds and exchange traded funds (which are known in Israel as index-linked certificates), which are managed by the Subsidiaries. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Y.D. More Investments Ltd or by any of its Subsidiaries that any of them is the beneficial owner of any of such securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Y.D. More Investments Ltd and its Subsidiaries disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities.
THE DESIGNATION OF SHARED 'DFND' FOR SECURITIES OVER WHICH LGT CAPITAL PARTNERS (ASIA-PACIFIC) LTD. HAS DISCRETION WAS MADE TO MORE ACCURATELY REFLECT THE SHARING OF DISCRETION BETWEEN THE RELATED ENTITIES. WHILE LGT CAPITAL PARTNERS (ASIA-PACIFIC) LTD. IS NOT A DIRECT SUBSIDIARY OF LGT CAPITAL PARTNERS LTD., THEY ARE UNDER COMMON CONTROL AND WITHIN THE SAME CORPORATE STRUCTURE. LGT CAPITAL PARTNERS (USA), INC. IS A DIRECT SUBSIDIARY OF LGT CAPITAL PARTNERS LTD.
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by Phoenix Financial Ltd. (the "Phoenix") or various direct or indirect, majority or wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Phoenix (the "Subsidiaries"), including The Phoenix Investments House Ltd. ("Phoenix Investments House") and Phoenix Investments House's subsidiary, Ksm Mutual Funds Ltd.. The Subsidiaries manage their own funds and/or the funds of others, including for holders of exchange-traded funds or various insurance policies, members of pension or provident funds, unit holders of mutual funds, and portfolio management clients. The Phoenix and each of the Subsidiaries operates under independent management and makes its own independent voting and investment decisions.  Neither the filing of this Form 13F nor any of its contents shall be deemed to constitute an admission by either persons filing this Form 13F or by any of the Subsidiaries that a group exists for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or for any other purpose, and each reporting person disclaims the existence of any such group. In addition, each of the persons filing this Form 13F and the Subsidiaries disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities covered by this report in excess of their actual pecuniary interest therein.  This Statement shall not be construed as an admission by the persons filing this Form 13F or by the Subsidiaries that they are the beneficial owners of any of the Ordinary Shares covered by this Form 13F, and each of the persons filing this Form 13F and the Subsidiaries disclaims beneficial ownership of any such Ordinary Shares. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Madison Asset Management, LLC, Madison Investment Advisors, LLC and Madison Investment Holdings, Inc. share all resources and personnel at their 550 Science Drive office, and such, no distinction is made among the three in the information table presented in the report. Due to rounding, certain dollar values may be higher or lower than the amounts would have been absent such rounding.
SANDERS MORRIS HARRIS LLC FORMERLY SUBMITTED A 13F-NT REPORT ASSOCIATED WITH THE 13F-HR REPORT OF PINNACLE SUMMER INVESTMENTS, INC. - FILE NUMBER 028-13429
The securities reported herein are held by Migdal Insurance Company Ltd., Migdal Makefet Pension and Provident Fund Ltd., Migdal Capital Markets (1965) Ltd, Migdal Mutual Funds Ltd, and Migdal Investment Portfolio Management (1998) Ltd. (collectively, the "Migdal Entities"). Each Migdal Entity is a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Migdal Insurance and Financial Holdings Ltd. ("Migdal Holdings"). The beneficial ownership in a portion of the securities covered by this report is held for members of the public through, among others, provident funds, mutual funds, pension funds and insurance policies, which are managed by Migdal Entities. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Migdal Holdings or by any of the Migdal Entities that it is the beneficial owner of any of such securities covered by this Form 13F.
THIS FILING LISTS SECURITIES HOLDINGS REPORTED ON THE FORM 13F FILED ON 2/13/2025 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT AND FOR WHICH CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT EXPIRED ON 6/1/2025. Please note that this 13F Holdings Report filer is affiliated with MetLife Investment Management, LLC and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company who also file 13F Holdings Reports. Each entity files its own 13F Holdings Report because each entity has investment discretion over certain 13(f) securities reported. All three 13F Holdings Report filers are under common control of their ultimate parent, MetLife, Inc., who files a 13F Combination Report.
Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios and did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time, Manager's portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the third-party reports used to calculate clients' investments in Section 13(f) securities. As a result, Manager concluded that it had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects Manager's holdings during the reporting period.
Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios and did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time, Manager's portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the third-party reports used to calculate clients' investments in  Section 13(f) securities. As a result, Manager concluded that it had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects Manager's holdings during the reporting period.
Certain holdings included in this 13F report may be reported in the 13F holdings reports of other institutional investment managers that may be deemed to share investment discretion with The Quarry LP ("Quarry"), but on whose behalf Quarry is not filing this report.
Certain holdings included in this 13F report may be reported in the 13F holdings reports of other institutional investment managers that may be deemed to share investment discretion with Oak Thistle LLC ("Oak Thistle"), but on whose behalf Oak Thistle is not filing this report.
Pursuant to power of attorney incorporated herein by reference to the registrant's Form 13F filed with the Commission on November 14, 2019.
This Form 13F-HR, filed by HHLR Advisors, Ltd. ("HHLR"), includes the holdings managed by Hillhouse Investment Management, Ltd. HHLR and Hillhouse Investment Management, Ltd. are under common control and share certain policies, personnel and resources.
*Sofinnova Investments, Inc. is filing this Form 13F on behalf of itself and the general partner entities of the investment funds for which it serves as the investment adviser, Sofinnova Management VIII, L.L.C., Sofinnova Management IX, L.L.C., Sofinnova Management X, L.L.C., Sofinnova BioEquities GP LLC, and Sofinnova Synergy GP LLC.
The securities reported herein are held by Clal Insurance Company Ltd., Clal Pension and Provident Fund Ltd., and Atudot Pension Fund For Employees and Independents Ltd., with investment discretion over such securities exercised by Canaf Clal Finance Management Ltd. (collectively, all entities above are referred to as the "Clal Entities").  Each Clal Entity is a direct or indirect, wholly or partially-owned subsidiary of Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd. ("Clal Holdings"). The economic interest or beneficial ownership in a portion of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of members of the public through, among others, insurance policies, provident funds, or pension funds, as the case may be.  This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Clal Holdings or by any of the Clal Entities that it is the beneficial owner of any of such securities, and each of Clal Holdings and the Clal Entities disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
This 13F filing is being filed after the required filing date because managed ETF values were not considered in the total value of managed assets subject to 13F filing.
Memo- Due to a clerical error, the Form 13F-HR filed on 5/19/2025 contained incorrect information. The error was unintentional and occurred in the process of preparing the submission. This amendment filing contains the correct information to ensure that our records are accurate and compliant with SEC requirements.  Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios and did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time, Manager's portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the third-party reports used to calculate clients' investments in Section 13(f) securities. As a result, Manager concluded that it had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects Manager's holdings during the reporting period.
Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios and  did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time, Manager's  portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the third-party reports  used to calculate clients' investments in Section 13(f) securities. As a result, Manager concluded that it  had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects Manager's holdings during the  reporting period.
Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios  and did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time,  Manager's portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the  third-party reports used to calculate clients' investments in Section 13(f) securities. As a result,  Manager concluded that it had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects  Manager's holdings during the reporting period.
Memo- Manager traditionally utilized primarily mutual funds and individual bonds in client portfolios and did not meet the reporting threshold to file reports under Rule 13f-1 for many years. Over time, Manager's portfolios shifted to more ETFs, and Manager recently discovered inaccuracies in the thirdparty reports used to calculate clients' investments in Section 13(f) securities. As a result, Manager concluded that it had a reporting obligation during the reporting period. This filing reflects Manager's holdings during the reporting period.
Mr. Alexander Mitchell is the investment manager of Scopus Advisors, LLC and Scopus Asset  Management, L.P., which have investment discretion over the investment portfolios reported herein.
Barings is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Wherever Barings has indicated that it exercises investment discretion with respect to the positions reported on its Form 13F, such positions shall be deemed reported on behalf of MassMutual to the extent that MassMutual is deemed to share investment discretion over the positions as a result of MassMutual's indirect ownership interest in Barings
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by the Israel senior pension and provident funds under a special manager appointed by law by the Supervisor of Capital Markets, Insurance & Savings of the State of Israel (the "Funds"). "Amitim Senior Pension Funds" is the "brand name" of the organizational structure that incorporates the Funds. "Amitim Senior Pension Funds" is not a legal entity, while each of the Funds is a separate legal entity.  For convenience only, this form is filed by "Mivtachim The Workers Social Insurance Fund Ltd. (Under Special Management)" ("Mivtachim"), which is one the Funds.  It should be noted that the Information Table contained herein includes holdings of two Funds that are otherwise required to file Form 13F ((i) Kerren Makefet Pension and Provident Center - Cooperative Society Ltd. (Under Special Management) and (ii) Kerren Hgimlaot Hmerkazit Histradrut Central Pension Fund Ltd. - Under Special Management), as well as holdings of Mivtachim listed together with (i) the holdings of other Funds and (ii) portion of the investment portfolio of Karnit Road Accident Victims Compensation Fund (which is currently managed by Mivtachim), which are not individually required to file Form 13F.
WoodTrust Financial Corp is the parent holding company of WoodTrust Bank.  The characterization of shared investment discretion with parent holding companies is made solely as a consequence of SEC interpretations regarding control through share ownership.
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by Menora Mivtachim Holdings Ltd. ("Menora Holdings") and by entities that are direct or indirect, wholly-owned or majority-owned, subsidiaries of Menora Holdings (the "Subsidiaries"), such as Menora Mivtachim Insurance Ltd., Shomera Insurance Company Ltd., Menora Mivtachim Pensions and Gemel Ltd. and Menora Mivtachim Vehistadrut Hamehandesim Nihul Kupot Gemel Ltd.  The economic interest or beneficial ownership in a portion of the securities covered by this report (including the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, such securities) is held for the benefit of insurance policy holders or the members of the provident funds or pension funds, as the case may be.  This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Menora Holdings or by any of the Subsidiaries that it is the beneficial owner of any of such securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Menora Holdings and the Subsidiaries disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein.  Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by MEITAV INVESTMENT HOUSE LTD. ("Meitav") and by entities that are indirect, through MEITAV SECURITIES AND INVESTMENTS LTD., (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Meitav), wholly-owned or majority-owned, subsidiaries of Meitav(the "Subsidiaries"), MEITAV PROVIDENT FUNDS & PENSION LTD, MEITAV MUTUAL FUNDS LTD. and MEITAV PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT LTD. The economic interest or beneficial ownership in a portion of the securities covered by this report (including the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, such securities) is held for the benefit of the owners of portfolio accounts, or the members of the provident funds or pension funds or mutual funds, as the case may be.  This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Meitav or by any of the Subsidiaries that it is the beneficial owner of any of such securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Meitav and the Subsidiaries disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein.  Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Investment discretion with regard to a portion of the securities reported herein exercised by Sphera Portfolio Management Ltd, which is wholly owned by Sphera Funds Management Ltd. Per guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, since Sphera Portfolio Management Ltd does not meet the Section 13(f) securities threshold, its holdings are aggregated with those reported for Sphera Funds Management Ltd. Investment discretion with regard to a portion of the securities reported herein is exercised by Sphera Global Healthcare Management L.P. (the "Management Company"). The Management Company is managed, controlled, and operated by its general partner, Sphera Global Healthcare GP Ltd. (the "General Partner"), the shares of which are owned 90% by Sphera Funds Management Ltd. ("SFML"). SFML is entitled to appoint the members of the board of directors of the General Partner (the "Board of Directors"), and therefore may be deemed to control the General Partner and Management Company. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by SFML, Sphera Portfolio Management, the General Partner, or the Management Company that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of SFML, Sphera Portfolio Management, the General Partner, and the Management Company disclaim beneficial ownership of any such securities. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S..
I AM SIGNING THIS REPORT AS REQUIRED BY THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.
Karpus Management, Inc. (the "Reporting Person") is owned by City of London Investment Group plc ("Parent").  Parent also owns City of London Investment Management Company Limited ("CLIM").  There are information barriers and procedures in place to ensure that investment discretion by the Reporting Person is exercised independently from Parent and CLIM.  As such, the Reporting Person reports the Section 13(f) positions over which it exercises investment discretion on a separate Form 13F from CLIM.
City of London Investment Management Company Limited (the "Reporting Person") is owned by City of London Investment Group plc ("Parent").  Parent also owns Karpus Management, Inc. ("KMI").  There are information barriers and procedures in place to ensure that investment discretion by the Reporting Person is exercised independently from Parent and KMI.  As such, the Reporting Person reports the Section 13(f) positions over which it exercises investment discretion on a separate Form 13F from KMI.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 Europe (London) LLP, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
The Reporting Manager does not have formal investment discretion with respect to all of the securities in the indicated rows in the Form 13F Information Table, but may be deemed to be part of a group exercising such investment discretion. Such group, if any, would include the managers identified in the column captioned "Other Managers" relating to a given issuer. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g), or 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any Other Manager exercises investment discretion or is a member of such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16(a) for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any Other Manager and related entities.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 Hong Kong Ltd, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
All of the investments reported on this Form 13F are held in the name of either Joho Fund,  Ltd., Joho Partners,  L.P., Serra Street Partners LP, Mujo Partners LP, Turner Cove, LP, Hollyhock, RAK Capital LLC or Joho Capital L.L.C. and its affiliates have full investment discretion and voting authority.
Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Tichoniim Havera Menahelet Ltd. (the "Management Company") manages various education funds (referred to in Hebrew as "keren hishtalmut").  Although the Management Company uses third-party portfolio management services to make investment and voting decisions with regard to the securities held by such funds, it is filing this Form 13F for the sake of caution.  In addition, any economic interest or beneficial ownership in any of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of the members of the educational funds. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by the Management Company that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and the Management Company disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Kranot Hishtalmut Le Morim Ve Gananot Hevera Menahelet Ltd. (the "Management Company") manages various education funds (referred to in Hebrew as "keren hishtalmut"). Although the Management Company uses third-party portfolio management services to make investment and voting decisions with regard to the securities held by such funds, it is filing this Form 13F for the sake of caution.  In addition, any economic interest or beneficial ownership in any of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of the members of the educational funds. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by the Management Company that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and the Management Company disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Toyota Motor Corp ("TMC") is submitting this retroactive Form 13F-HR following an internal determination that it was subject to Form 13F reporting for the applicable period. Accordingly, TMC is submitting this filing as part of its self-correction measures.
Numbers may vary slightly due to the report being generated with foreign securities that do not have a cusip.  
The Lion Fund, L.P. holds 128,014.7 shares of Biglari Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock with sole voting authority of all 128,014.7 shares. Biglari Capital Corp. holds 25,663.1 shares of Biglari Holdings Inc. Class A Common Stock with sole voting authority of all 25,663.1 shares. The table does not have space to show fractional shares, therefore the fractional shares have been rounded down to the nearest whole number.
The Value displayed in the attached table for APPLE INC (037833100), SPDR SER TR (78468R796) and VANECK ETF TRUST (92189F676) assumes that the put options have been fully exercised.  Accordingly, the Value displayed reflects the value of the underlying shares and not the value of the put options.
Please note that the Investment Manager is reporting long put option positions on this Form 13F in the manner prescribed by Special Instruction 10 and FAQs 41 & 44 (i.e., gross long put options reported in terms of the securities underlying the options). As such, the reported value in this Form 13F is different from the actual value of such unexercised long put options as reflected in the Investment Manager's books and records, which may serve to hedge long positions which are not eligible to be reported by Rule 13f-1(c) [17 CFR 240.13f-1(c)]
One position reported in the information table of this Form 13F is managed solely by Sona Asset Management (UK) LLP and is reported with Voting Authority of "None" in Column 8.
Sculptor Capital LP (the "Reporting Person") is ultimately owned by Rithm Capital Corp. ("Parent"). There are information barriers and procedures in place to ensure that investment discretion by the Reporting Person is exercised independently from Parent. As such, the Reporting Person reports the Section 13(f) positions over which it and its subsidiary, Sculptor Capital II LP, exercise investment discretion on a separate Form 13F from Parent.
For the quarter ending on March 31st, 2025, Rokos Capital Management LLP ("RCM UK") has delegated investment discretion to Rokos Capital Management (US) LP ("RCM US") with respect to certain Section 13(f) securities. Positions over which RCM UK and RCM US shared investment discretion on March 31st, 2025, are aggregated under the designation of "shared-other" (OTHER) in the Form 13F information Table. In accordance with the Answer to Question 47 in SEC Division of Investment Management: Frequently Asked Questions about 13F. RCM US may have shared investment discretion over only a portion of such positions. The designation of RCM UK's investment discretion as "sole" (SOLE) in the Form 13F Information Table applies to a position in a Section 13(f)security of which RCM US had no discretion.
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by provident funds managed by Yelin Lapidot Provident Funds Management Ltd. and/or mutual funds managed by Yelin Lapidot Mutual Funds Management Ltd. (the "Subsidiaries"), each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yelin Lapidot Holdings Management Ltd. ("Yelin Lapidot Holdings"). The Subsidiaries operate under independent management and make their own independent voting and investment decisions.  Any economic interest or beneficial ownership in any of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of the members of the provident funds or mutual funds, as the case may be.  This Statement shall not be construed as an admission by Yelin Lapidot Holdings or by the Subsidiaries that they are the beneficial owners of any of the Ordinary Shares covered by this Form 13F, and each of Yelin Lapidot Holdings and the Subsidiaries disclaims beneficial ownership of any such Ordinary Shares. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Sagefield Capital LP is the investment manager to the Sagefield Multi-Strategy Master Fund LP, Sagefield Multi-Strategy Offshore Fund Ltd., and Sagefield Multi-Strategy Fund LP (together the "Multi-Strategy Fund"). Sagefield Investment Group, LP is the investment manager to the Sagefield Relative Value Master Fund LP, Sagefield Relative Value Fund LP, and Sagefield Relative Value Offshore Fund Ltd (together the "Relative Value Fund") and certain sub-advised funds ("Sub-Advised Funds"). Sagefield Capital, LP and Sagefield Investment Group, LP, which are under common control, are each registered as investment advisers with the SEC under an umbrella registration and are reporting together on this Form 13F with respect to all reportable holdings in the Multi-Strategy Fund, the Relative Value Fund and Sub-Advised Funds. Positions listed in the information table with "SOLE" investment discretion are managed solely by Sagefield Capital LP, while positions listed as "OTR" are managed by Sagefield Investment Group, LP and traded by Sagefield Capital LP pursuant to a sub-advisory agreement between Sagefield Investment Group, LP and Sagefield Capital LP.
HBK Services LLC ("Services"), a relying adviser under the same registration as HBK Investments L.P., has been delegated discretion to vote and dispose of the securities described below. Services may, from time to time, delegate discretion to vote and dispose of certain of such Securities to one or more subadvisors. Each of Services and such subadvisors is under common control with HBK Investments L.P. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission that such subadvisors are, for the purpose of Section 13(d) or 13(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, beneficial owners of such securities.
The Oatly Group AB position reported in this filing reflects the number of American Depository Shares that may be received in exchange for the reporting manager's holding of Ordinary Shares. The following information corresponds to the securities indicated in the attached Information Table: (A) Blackstone Inc. and its affiliates ("Blackstone") may be deemed to ultimately have shared control over First Eagle Investment Management, LLC ("First Eagle") with Corsair Capital LLC and its affiliates ("Corsair"). Blackstone and Corsair have an information barrier in place with First Eagle. However, under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder, each of Blackstone and Corsair may be deemed to have shared investment discretion with First Eagle over the securities managed by First Eagle. (B) Options reported in this Form 13F may include more than one series of call or put options, as applicable, with respect to such issuer. (C) The information contained in this Form 13F relating to the investment discretion by certain other reporting managers may reflect information relating to certain of their affiliates.
Investment discretion with regard to the securities reported herein is exercised by Sphera Management Technology Funds Ltd ("Sphera Management Technology"). This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Sphera Management Technology that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and Sphera Management Technology disclaim beneficial ownership of any such securities. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S..
Harvest Management, L.L.C., shares investment discretion with and is reporting on behalf of Mr. Bohrer and Ms. Gochberg Kellner with respect to the accounts holding the securities reported herein.  With respect to the accounts holding the securities reported herein, Mr. Bohrer and Ms. Gochberg Kellner exercise investment discretion through an institutional investment manager, Harvest Management, L.L.C., which is filing a Form 13-F simultaneously herewith.
Winmill & Co. Incorporated ("Winco") is a holding company and may be deemed to share investment discretion with certain other institutional investment managers. The characterization of shared investment discretion in this report is made solely to conform with SEC interpretations of Form 13F regarding control through share ownership. Bexil Advisers LLC ("Bexil Advisers"), a registered investment adviser that meets the $100 million Form 13F filing threshold, is included in the List of Other Included Managers set forth below and any Section 13(f) securities over which Bexil Advisers has investment discretion are reported separately from Winco's holdings in the Form 13F Information Table. Midas Management Corporation ("MMC"), a registered investment adviser, and other affiliated institutional investment managers that do not meet the $100 million Form 13F filing threshold, are not included in the List of Other Included Managers set forth below in accordance with the Answer to Question 48 in SEC Division of Investment Management: Frequently Asked Questions About Form 13F and other SEC interpretations, and any Section 13(f) securities over which MMC or such other institutional investment managers are deemed to have investment discretion are reported together with Winco's holdings in the Form 13F Information Table. The inclusion in this report of Section 13(f) securities over which other institutional investment managers are deemed to share investment discretion should not be considered an admission that Winco controls such institutional investment managers.
The Reporting Manager, Point72 Italy, S.r.l., is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282), and Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178).* Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
NOTE: COLUMN 4 FOR THE NET POWER INC WARRANTS POSITION REFLECTS THE MARKET VALUE OF $0.31 PER WARRANT. THE MARKET PRICE FOR THE UNDERLYING NET POWER INC SHARES WAS $2.63. 
Loews Corporation (Loews), by virtue of its approximately 92% ownership of voting securities of CNA Financial Corporation (as of 3/31/2025) whose business address is 151 North Franklin Street, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (CNA), may be deemed to have investment discretion regarding certain securities (the CNA Securities) as to which investment discretion is deemed to be exercised by CNA. CNA is reporting on behalf of Loews regarding the CNA Securities.
Assets reported herein are described as having shared investment discretion among Loews Corporation, CNA Financial Corporation, The Continental Corporation and Continental Casualty Company. Each of the foregoing entities specifically disclaims ownership of any securities in this report which are not beneficially owned by that entity and states that such assets are solely under the control of its board of directors. The characterization of shared investment discretion with parent holding companies is made solely as a consequence of SEC interpretations regarding control of the subsidiary through share ownership. As of 3/31/2025, Loews Corporation owned approximately 92% of the outstanding shares of CNA Financial Corporation; CNA Financial Corporation owned 100% of the outstanding shares of The Continental Corporation; and The Continental Corporation owned 100% of the outstanding shares of Continental Casualty Company. Loews Corporation will report separately on securities over which it has investment discretion which are not part of this report.
Heartland Advisors, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Heartland Holdings, Inc. and is therefore deemed to have shared-defined investment discretion for purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Certain holdings reported as "Sole" are managed by Oppvest, LLC which is managed by the same individuals as Oppenheimer & Close, LLC and is considered to be part of the registered investment adviser.
* The Reporting Manager does not serve as adviser to all of the owners of, or have formal investment discretion with respect to, the securities reported herein, but may be deemed to be part of a group of affiliated persons exercising investment discretion with respect to such securities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other manager with respect to the securities listed herein exercises investment discretion or is a member of, or is otherwise affiliated with, such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made, where relevant, to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g) and 16(a) of the Exchange Act for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any other manager with which it may share or be deemed to share investment discretion and related entities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other person is the beneficial owner of any securities.
Bain Capital Public Equity, LP serves as the investment manager and/or adviser to pooled investment vehicles (the "Funds") and exercises investment discretion over those Funds. The filing of this 13F Holdings Report by Bain Capital Public Equity, LP shall not be construed as an admission that Bain Capital Public Equity, LP is the beneficial owner of such shares held by such Funds.
Bain Capital Public Equity Management II, LLC has sole investment discretion with respect to shares held by Brookside Capital Partners Fund, L.P., Brookside Capital Trading Fund, L.P., Bain Capital Public Equity Global Long Equity Fund, L.P., Bain Capital Public Equity Global Partners Fund, L.P. and Bain Capital Public Equity Enduring Equity Fund, L.P.
Certain holdings included in this 13F report may be reported in the13F holdings reports of other institutional investment managers that may be deemed to share investment discretion with Birnam Oak Advisors, LP ("Birnam Oak"), but on whose behalf Birnam Oak is not filing this report.
Signed pursuant to a Power of Attorney dated August 28, 2024 and included as an Exhibit 99 to the 13F Filing for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 filed on November 13, 2024.
Investment discretion with regard to the securities reported herein is exercised by Noked Equity L.P ( Noked Equity ), Noked Long L.P ( Noked Long ), Noked Opportunity L.P ( Noked Opportunity ) and Noked Bonds L.P ( Noked Bonds ) (jointly, the  Partnerships ).  The Partnerships are managed, controlled, and operated by their general partners, as follows: Noked Capital Ltd. ( Noked Capital ) is the general partner of Noked Opportunity. Noked Bonds Investments Ltd. is the general partner of Noked Bonds, and 70% of its shares are held by Noked Capital.  Noked Equity Investments Ltd. is the general partner of both Noked Equity and Noked Long, and 100% of its shares are held by Noked Capital. Noked Capital is held as follows (each, a  Noked Capital Shareholder ): 5.42% of its shares are held by Eli Haika, in trust, 9.38% of its shares are held by Taga S.P. (a company fully-owned by Ariel Hilkiyahu), 39.55% of its shares are held by its controlling shareholder Noked Israel (2011) Ltd. (a company fully-owned by Roy and Michal Vermous) 17.29% of its shares are held by AYT (a company fully-owned by Shay Itzhaki) and 28.36% of its shares are held by G.I.O. (a company fully-owned by Shlomi Bracha).  This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Noked Capital, the general partners, any of Noked Capital Shareholders (including their ultimate shareholders) or any of the Partnerships that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Noked Capital, the general partners, the Noked Capital Shareholders and the Partnerships disclaim beneficial ownership of any such securities. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
Delphi Financial Group, Inc. ("DFG") is the parent company of Delphi Capital Management, Inc. ("DCM") and Acorn Advisory Capital L.P. ("Acorn Advisory"), each of which is an institutional investment manager for purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and therefore may be deemed to have investment discretion with respect to Section 13(f) securities as to which DCM and Acorn Advisory possess investment discretion, as well as Section 13(f) securities as to which other subsidiaries of DFG possess investment discretion.  DFG is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.
The securities reported herein are beneficially owned by the Provident Company of the Employees of the Hebrew University Ltd. (the "Company").  The Company manages the funds of others, including for members of provident funds and training funds [referred to in Hebrew as "kranot hishtalmut"].  Although the Company uses third-party portfolio management services to make investment and voting decisions with regard to the securities held by such funds, it is filing this Form 13F for the sake of caution.  In addition, any economic interest or beneficial ownership in any of the securities covered by this report is held for the benefit of the members of the funds.  This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by the Company that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and the Company disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities.  Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange were included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
PMC FIG Opportunities LLC is reporting for itself and for PM Advisors Ltd., which is an affiliated investment adviser to private funds sharing the same DBA (Pearl Manor Capital) as PMC FIG Opportunities LLC.
Rithm Capital Corp. (the "Reporting Person") ultimately owns a number of subsidiaries that exercise investment discretion over Section 13(f) Securities, including Sculptor Capital LP and its subsidiary, Sculptor Capital II LP (collectively, "Sculptor"). There are information barriers and procedures in place to ensure that investment discretion by the Sculptor entities is exercised independently from the Reporting Person and its non-Sculptor subsidiaries. As such, the Reporting Person reports the Section 13(f) positions over which it and its non-Sculptor subsidiaries exercise investment discretion on a separate Form 13F from the Sculptor entities.
Please view the 13G/A filed on 05/15/2025 for the total shares of Light & Wonder Inc. as this 13F-HR only reflects shares of Light & Wonder Inc. traded on a United States exchange.
Messrs. Bennett Lindenbaum and Matthew Lindenbaum, as Principals of Basswood Capital Management, L.L.C., have investment discretion over the investment portfolios reported herein.
The institutional investment manager filing this report (the "Reporting Manager") has delegated to certain subadvisors (collectively, "Subadvisers") sole investment and/or voting discretion with respect to certain of the securities reported herein, and such securities may also be reported in the Forms 13F filed by one or more of such Subadvisers.
In the Information Table, shares reported as "SOLE" under Column 6 and Column 8 are held by Minerva Group, LP, a private fund managed by Minerva Advisors LLC. Shares reported as "OTR" under Column 6 and "SHARED" under Column 8 relate to managed accounts for which Minerva Advisors LLC is the investment advisor. This Amendment No. 1 updates the "VALUE" information in Column 4 of the Information Table and the Form 13F Information Table Value Total on the Form 13F Summary Page.
In the Information Table, shares reported as "SOLE" under Column 6 and Column 8 are held by Minerva Group, LP, a private fund managed by Minerva Advisors LLC. Shares reported as "OTR" under Column 6 and "SHARED" under Column 8 relate to managed accounts for which Minerva Advisors LLC is the investment advisor.
In accordance with Special Instruction 9 to Form 13F, fair market value represents the value at the close of trading on the last trading day of the calendar year or quarter, as applicable.  *The Reporting Manager does not have formal investment discretion with respect to the securities in the indicated rows, but may be deemed to be part of a group exercising such investment discretion. Such group, if any, would include each manager identified in the column captioned "Other Managers" relating to a given issuer. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g), or 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any Other Included Manager exercises investment discretion or is a member of such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16(a) for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any Other Included Manager and related entities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g), or 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other person (including Other Included Managers named herein) is the beneficial owner of any securities.
The manager identified on the following Summary Page are accounts placed with us through the Thomas Weisel Partners Investment Management Consulting Program.  Although discretionary responsibility for the accounts is with us, Thomas Weisel Partners retain the responsibility for reporting these securities on their 13F if the size of a particular holding triggers 13F filing requirements. 
Please note that this 13F Holdings Report filer is affiliated with MetLife Investment Management, LLC and Provida Pension Fund Administrator who are also filing 13F Holdings Reports. Each entity is filing its own 13F Holdings Report because each entity has investment discretion over certain 13(F) securities reported. All three 13F Holdings Report filers are under common control of their ultimate parent, MetLife, Inc., who is filing a13F Combination Report.
* Bradley W. Craig is the Attorney-in-fact for Michael Craig-Scheckman, Chief Executive Officer of Deer Park Road Corporation. The Power of Attorney filed as Exhibit B to the Schedule 13G filed by Deer Park Road Management Company, LP on December 10, 2018 is incorporated herein by reference.
Mr. Raynor is the controlling shareholder of Renegade Resources, Inc., which is the sole member of Renegade Swish, LLC, which is the manager of Q Global Advisors, LLC.
In the original filing made on February 14, 2025, the box for Confidential Treatment Requested on the Form 13F Summary Page was inadvertently checked.  However, no information was omitted from the original filing as a result thereof.  This amendment number 1 restates and corrects the original filing with the box for Confidential Treatment Requested now unchecked.
Stilwell Value LLC is the general partner of Stilwell Partners, L.P., Stilwell Activist Fund, L.P., Stilwell Activist Investments, L.P., Stilwell Associates, L.P., and Stilwell Value Partners VII, L.P. (together, the "Funds"). The securities reported in this Form 13F are held by one or more of the Funds. None of the Funds individually maintains investment discretion over $100 million, but Stilwell Value LLC, by virtue of its general partnership interest in each of the Funds, has such discretion. This Form 13F report lists only those securities required to be reported by the Reporting Manager pursuant to Rule 13f-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and does not reflect all of the securities over which the Reporting Manager exercises investment discretion.
This Amendment is being filed solely for the purpose of removing from the Form 13F Information Table certain shares of Class A Common Stock of Aurora Innovation, Inc. ("Class A Common") inadvertently included in the Form 13F filed by the Reporting Person for the quarter ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, the Reporting Person or its affiliates exercised investment discretion over 11,746,572 shares of Class B Common Stock of Aurora Innovation, Inc. ("Class B Common"). While shares of Class A Common are Section 13(f) securities as defined in Rule 13f-1(c) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, shares of Class B Common are not Section 13(f) securities and thus not reportable. For the avoidance of doubt, this Amendment is to correct a clerical error only, and does not reflect the disposition by the Reporting Person of any shares of Class A Common or Class B Common.
Explanatory Note: AlpInvest Partners B.V. is an indirectly wholly owned investment adviser of The Carlyle Group Inc.  However, The Carlyle Group Inc. does not participate in any investment decision-making of AlpInvest Partners B.V.
Mubadala Investment Company PJSC and/or certain of its affiliates are institutional managers and affiliates of Fortress. Mubadala Investment Company PJSC and/or certain of its affiliates file their own Form 13F with respect to themselves and such affiliates, as applicable.
39,086,076 shares of SNAP were held on swap as of March 31, 2025.
MITSUBISHI UFJ FINANCIAL GROUP, INC. (MUFG) IS THE PARENT HOLDING COMPANY OF A NUMBER OF OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES, SOME OF WHICH ARE OR MAY BE INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT MANAGERS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 13(F) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (THE ACT) AND THE RULES PROMULGATED THEREUNDER.  MUFG ITSELF DOES NOT DIRECTLY EXERCISE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECTION 13(F) SECURITIES POSITIONS EXCEPT THOSE THAT MAY BE INCLUDED IN THIS FORM 13F.  TO THE EXTENT THAT MUFG'S OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN SUCH OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES IS DEEMED THE EXERCISE OF INVESTMENT DISCRETION REGARDING CERTAIN OF SUCH SUBSIDIARIES' MANAGED ACCOUNTS, THE INFORMATION REQUIRED BY FORM 13F WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACCOUNTS IS INCLUDED IN THE REPORT SEPARATELY FILED BY EACH OF THE OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES THAT ARE INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT MANAGERS SUBJECT TO SECTION 13(F) OF THE ACT.
Mr. Anthony Lynn Davis as the Principal of the Reporting Manager, Inherent Management Corp., has investment discretion over the investment portfolios reported herein.
Under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder, AlTi Global, Inc. may be deemed to have shared investment discretion with TIG Advisors, LLC (''TIG Advisors'') and certain investment funds managed by TIG Advisors (the ''TIG Funds'').  However, TIG Advisors and the TIG Funds file separate Form 13Fs from AlTi Global, Inc.
Certain affiliates of SoftBank Group Corp. (SBG), including SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited, are institutional investment managers that file their own Form 13F for themselves and their affiliates.
This Amendment No. 1 to the Form 13F (the "Amendment") corrects inadvertent errors in the prior filing with respect the number of shares reported for a certain position, which affected the values reported under table value total in the Report Summary, as well as Column 4 (VALUE), Column 5 (SHARES) and Column 8 (VOTING AUTHORITY) for such position in the information table. This Amendment supersedes the original filing.
The securities listed in this 13F file include positions for Cinctive Capital Management LP ("Cinctive"), for which we have investment and trading discretion over as a subadvisor to Cinctive.
The attached information table excludes (a) 11,884 shares of common stock of IGM BIOSCIENCES INC issued pursuant to restricted stock unit awards and (b) 11,331 shares of common stock of FATE THERAPEUTICS INC issued pursuant to restricted stock unit awards.
Square Peg Capital Pty Ltd is reporting on behalf of the Square Peg Global Tech Fund, in its capacity as sole shareholder of Square Peg GT Pty Ltd, the trustee of the Square Peg Global Tech Fund.
The Reporting Manager does not have formal investment discretion with respect to all of the securities in the indicated rows, but may be deemed to be part of a group exercising such investment discretion. Such group, if any, would include the managers identified in the column captioned "Other Managers" relating to a given issuer. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g), or 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any Other Included Manager exercises investment discretion or is a member of such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16(a) for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any Other Included Manager and related entities
MetLife, Inc. is the parent holding company of certain institutional investment managers. For purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act), and the rules promulgated thereunder, MetLife, Inc. itself does not exercise, and therefore disclaims, investment discretion with respect to any Section 13(f) securities positions over which its investment operating subsidiaries exercise such discretion. To the extent, however, that MetLife Inc.'s ownership interest in such subsidiaries may nevertheless give rise to a Form 13F obligation on behalf of MetLife, Inc., the information required by Form 13F is reported herein on behalf of all such subsidiaries.
MUFG BANK, LTD. IS THE PARENT COMPANY OF A NUMBER OF OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES, SOME OF WHICH ARE OR MAY BE INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT MANAGERS FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 13(F) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (THE ACT) AND THE RULES PROMULGATED THEREUNDER.  MUFG BANK ITSELF DOES NOT DIRECTLY EXERCISE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECTION 13(F) SECURITIES POSITIONS EXCEPT THOSE THAT MAY BE INCLUDED IN THIS FORM 13F.  TO THE EXTENT THAT MUFG BANK'S OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN SUCH OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES IS DEEMED THE EXERCISE OF INVESTMENT DISCRETION REGARDING CERTAIN OF SUCH SUBSIDIARIES' MANAGED ACCOUNTS, THE INFORMATION REQUIRED BY FORM 13F WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACCOUNTS IS INCLUDED IN THE REPORT SEPARATELY FILED BY EACH OF THE OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES THAT ARE INSTITUTIONAL INVESTMENT MANAGERS SUBJECT TO SECTION 13(F) OF THE ACT.
Bain Capital Credit, LP, and/or a subsidiary, serves as an adviser to pooled investment vehicles (the "Funds") but exercises investment discretion with respect to only a limited number of these Funds.  The filing of this 13F Holdings Report by Bain Capital Credit, LP shall not be construed as an admission that Bain Capital Credit, LP, and/or a subsidiary, is the beneficial owner of such shares held by each of the Funds.
LISANTI CAPITAL GROWTH, LLC FORMERLY SUBMITTED THE FORM 13F REPORT UNDER THE NAME OF AH LISANTI CAPITAL GROWTH, LLC AND LEBENTHAL LISANTI CAPITAL GROWTH, LLC.
American Family Investments, Inc. (AFI) is a subsidiary of American  Family Insurance Mutual Holding Company (AFIMHC), which is the direct  and indirect parent holding company of certain "institutional  investment managers" as defined under Section 13(f) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act) (such institutional investment managers  other than AFI are collectively referred to as the AFI Affiliates).  Solely for purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f)  of the Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, as a result of the  corporate relationship between AFIMHC and the AFI Affiliates, AFIMHC  is deemed to share investment discretion with the AFI Affiliates with  respect to Section 13(f) securities. However, AFI has been appointed  as the investment manager for Section 13(f) securities held by the AFI  Affiliates under certain investment management agreements and  therefore has investment discretion for the AFI Affiliates.  Additionally, solely for purposes of the reporting requirementAmerican  Family Investments, Inc. (AFI) is a subsidiary of American  Family Insurance Mutual Holding Company (AFIMHC), which is the direct  and indirect parent holding company of certain "institutional  investment managers" as defined under Section 13(f) of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act) (such institutional investment managers  other than AFI are collectively referred to as the AFI Affiliates).  Solely for purposes of the reporting requirements under Section 13(f)  of the Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, as a result of the  corporate relationship between AFIMHC and the AFI Affiliates, AFIMHC  is deemed to share investment discretion with the AFI Affiliates with  respect to Section 13(f) securities. However, AFI has been appointed  as the investment manager for Section 13(f) securities held by the AFI  Affiliates under certain investment management agreements and  therefore has investment discretion for the AFI Affiliates.  Additionally, solely for purposes of the reporting requirements under  Section 13(f) of the Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, as a  result of American Family Investments Holdings, Inc. (AFI Holdings)  being the direct parent holding company of AFI, AFI Holdings is deemed  to share investment discretion with AFI. Therefore, the information  required by Form 13F is reported herein by AFI on behalf of AFIMHC,  the AFI Affiliates and AFI Holdings to the extent required by the  reporting requirements under Section 13(f). 
* does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management IX, Ltd.
Consistent with past practice, Essex Woodlands Management, Inc. ("EWM") is filing this Form 13F-HR as the reporting manager with respect to Section 13(f) securities held by affiliated investment funds of EWM as of March 31, 2025. EWM expects that Form 13F disclosure for future periods will reflect that investment discretion over such Section 13(f) securities is maintained by one or more affiliated entities of EWM for such investment funds.
Certain affiliates of SB Investment Advisers (UK) Limited (SBIA UK), including SoftBank Group Corp. and SB Investment Advisers (US) Inc., and/or certain of their affiliates are institutional investment managers that file their own Form 13F with respect to themselves and such affiliates, as applicable.
Mr. Baburaj Pillai, as Chief Investment Officer of Arohi Asset Management PTE Ltd., has investment discretion over the investment portfolios reported herein.
* The Reporting Manager does not serve as adviser to all of the owners of, or have formal investment discretion with respect to, the securities reported herein, but may be deemed to be part of a group of affiliated persons exercising investment discretion with respect to such securities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act'), and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other manager with respect to the securities listed herein exercises investment discretion or is a member of, or is otherwise affiliated with, such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made, where relevant, to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g) and 16(a) of the Exchange Act for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any other manager with which it may share or be deemed to share investment discretion and related entities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other person is the beneficial owner of any securities.
Please note that as of April 1, 2025, Parvus Asset Management Jersey Limited is the successor investment advisor to Parvus Asset Management Europe Limited. As such, Parvus Asset Management Europe Limited no longer has, and will not in the future have, investment discretion over 13F securities. Parvus Asset Management Jersey Limited will make all necessary Form 13F filings going forward and this is Parvus Asset Management Europe Limited last Form 13F filing.
EnCap Partners GP, LLC ("EnCap Partners GP") is the sole general partner of EnCap Partners, LP, which is the managing member of EnCap Investments Holdings, LLC, which is the sole member of EnCap Investments GP, L.L.C., which is the general partner of EnCap Investments L.P., which is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund VIII GP, L.P., which is the sole general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII, L.P. Therefore, EnCap Partners GP may be deemed to share the right to direct the disposition of the securities held by EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII, L.P.
* does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management VIII, Ltd., or Technology Crossover Management IX, Ltd.
Note 1 - The reported position does not include other interests of Continental Grain Company in Restaurant Brands International that are held indirectly through a private investment fund that is not controlled by Continental Grain Company.
EnCap Partners GP, LLC ("EnCap Partners GP") is the sole general partner of EnCap Partners, LP, which is the managing member of EnCap Investments Holdings, LLC, which is the sole member of EnCap Investments GP, L.L.C., which is the general partner of EnCap Investments L.P., which is the sole member of EnCap Equity Fund XI GP, LLC, which is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund XI GP, L.P., which is the general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund XI, L.P. Therefore, EnCap Partners GP may be deemed to share the right to direct the disposition of the securities held by EnCap Energy Capital Fund XI, L.P.
EnCap Partners GP, LLC ("EnCap Partners GP") is the sole general partner of EnCap Partners, LP, which is the managing member of EnCap Investments Holdings, LLC, which is the sole member of EnCap Investments GP, L.L.C., which is the general partner of EnCap Investments L.P., which is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund X GP, L.P., which is the sole general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund X, L.P. Therefore, EnCap Partners GP may be deemed to share the right to direct the disposition of the securities held by EnCap Energy Capital Fund X, L.P.
EnCap Partners GP, LLC ("EnCap Partners GP") is the sole general partner of EnCap Partners, LP, which is the managing member of EnCap Investments Holdings, LLC, which is the sole member of EnCap Investments GP, L.L.C., the general partner of EnCap Investments L.P. ("EnCap Investments"). EnCap Investments is the sole member of EnCap Equity Fund XI GP, LLC, which is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund XI GP, L.P., which is the general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund XI, L.P. EnCap Investments is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund X GP, L.P., which is the sole general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund X, L.P. EnCap Investments is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund IX GP, L.P., which is the sole general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund IX, L.P. EnCap Investments is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund VIII GP, L.P., which is the sole general partner of EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII, L.P. and EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII Co-Investors, L.P. Therefore, EnCap Partners GP and its affiliates may be deemed to share the right to direct the disposition of the securities held by EnCap Energy Capital Fund XI, L.P., EnCap Energy Capital Fund X, L.P., EnCap Energy Capital Fund IX, L.P., EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII, L.P., and EnCap Energy Capital Fund VIII Co-Investors, L.P. Additionally, EnCap Investments is the sole member of EnCap Equity Fund XII GP, LLC, which is the general partner of EnCap Equity Fund XII GP, L.P., which is the managing member of EnCap GM III Co-Invest, LLC, which designates half of the board members of Grayson Mill Holdings III, LLC ("HoldCo"). Because EnCap Partners GP shares investment discretion over the securities held by HoldCo the securities held by HoldCo are listed here. 
Barings LLC, Baring Asset Management Limited, Baring Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Barings Asset Management Korea Ltd, Baring International Investment Limited, Baring SICE (Taiwan) Limited, MML Investors Services, LLC, and MassMutual Private Wealth & Trust Company are all indirect, majority -owned or wholly -owned subsidiaries of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company(MassMutual). The entities listed have indicated that they exercise investment discretion with respect to the securities positions reported at each firm's Form 13F Filing. Nevertheless, such positions are deemed reported on behalf of MassMutual to the extent that MassMutual is deemed to share investment discretion over the positions as a result of its ownership interests in Barings LLC, Baring Asset Management Limited, Baring Asset Management (Asia) Limited, Barings Asset Management Korea Ltd, Baring International Investment Limited, Baring SICE (Taiwan) Limited, MML Investors Services, LLC, and MassMutual Private Wealth & Trust Company and for the limited and exclusive purpose of MassMutual's compliance with Section 13(f) and the securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Our subsidiary Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, listed herein as an Other Included Managers, acquired approximately 4.5% of the issued and outstanding common shares of "Jefferies Financial Group Inc." in early September 2024. We are amending our Form 13F report for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 to add an entry for such holding..
The following footnotes correspond to the numbered footnotes contained in the Information Table. (1) The total shares reported for AKA BRANDS HLDG CORP reflects the total shares held through a holding company controlled by Summit Partners, L.P ("Summit"). The total proceeds related to the shares held by the holding company which Summit or its affiliates will be entitled to at liquidation may be lower than the value reported herein. (2) The total shares reported for KLAVIYO, INC. reflect Class B shares held by Summit and its affiliates and are voluntarily being reported notwithstanding that they are not on the List of Section 13F Securities as of 03/31/25. (3) The total shares reported for SOLO BRANDS, INC. reflect the combined Class A and Class B shares held by Summit and its affiliates and such Class B shares are voluntarily being reported notwithstanding that they are not on the List of Section 13F Securities as of 03/31/25.
Certain of the shares reported in the Reporting Manager's holdings in securities of Roivant Sciences Ltd. are subject to vesting conditions that include share price thresholds that may never be satisfied.
*James Mitarotonda is the Managing Member of Barington Companies Investors, LLC (BCI) which has investment discretion over certain investment portfolios and accounts that own the securities reported herein.  BCI is a majority-owned subsidiary of Barington Capital Group, L.P.  The general partner of Barington Capital Group, L.P. is LNA Capital Corp.  Mr. Mitarotonda is the sole stockholder and director of LNA Capital Corp.
Explanatory Note 1: AlpInvest Partners B.V. is an indirectly wholly owned investment adviser of The Carlyle Group Inc.  However, The Carlyle Group Inc. does not participate in any investment decision-making of AlpInvest Partners B.V.  ---  Explanatory Note 2: In August 2022, The Carlyle Group Inc. completed its acquisition of the Abingworth group, a life sciences investment firm.  As a result of the acquisition, Abingworth LLP became a relying advisor of Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C.
Notable Capital Management, L.L.C. (formerly known as GGV Management L.L.C.) is a successor co-investment adviser to investment funds formerly advised by GGV Capital LLC.  Notable Capital Management L.L.C. and Granite Asia Capital Pte. Ltd. have assumed GGV Capital's role in reporting for the funds whose securities are reported on the Form 13F and are assuming GGV Capital's Form 13F filing obligations.   
Lexington Partners L.P. ("LEX") became a directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. ("FRI") on April 1, 2022 and as such LEX is now filing its report as a Combination Report and is included in the list of Other Managers Reporting for this Manager by FRI in its Combination Report.
Yorktown VIII Company LP is the sole general partner of Yorktown Energy Partners VIII, L.P. Yorktown VIII Associates LLC is the sole general partner of Yorktown VIII Company LP. As a result, Yorktown VIII Associates LLC and Yorktown VIII Company LP may be deemed to have the power to vote or direct the vote or to dispose or direct the disposition of the shares owned by Yorktown Energy Partners VIII, L.P.
Assets reported herein are described as having shared investment discretion among CVC Management Holdings II Ltd. and CVC Capital Partners VI Ltd. The characterization of shared investment discretion with parent holding companies is made solely as a consequence of SEC interpretations regarding control of subsidiaries through ownership. Each of the foregoing entities specifically disclaims ownership of any securities in this report which are not beneficially owned by that entity and the filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act, and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other person is the beneficial owner of such securities.
* does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management IX, Ltd., or Technology Crossover Management XI, Ltd.  ** does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management IX, Ltd.
Bain Capital Investors, LLC ("BCI") is the (i) manager of Bain Capital Partners XII, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Fund XII, L.P., which is the sole member of both (a) BCPE Perception GP, LLC, which is the general partner of BC Perception Holdings, LP, and (b) BCPE Nucleon Investors (GP), LLC, which is the general partner of BCPE Nucleon Investors, LP, which is the managing member of BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV (GP), LLC, which is the general partner of BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV, LP, (ii) general partner of Bain Capital Partners XI, L.P., which is the general partner of Bain Capital Fund XI, L.P., which is the sole member of each of (a) BCPE Eagle GP, LLC, which is the general partner of BCPE Eagle Investor, LP, (b) BCPE Derby GP, LLC, which is the general partner of BCPE Derby Investor, LP, and (c) BCPE Derby (DE) SPV (GP), LLC, which is the general partner of BCPE Derby (DE) SPV, LP, (iii) sole member of BCPE Seminole GP LLC, which is the general partner of both BCPE Seminole Holdings LP and BCPE Seminole Holdings IV, L.P., and (iv) sole member of both BCPE Seminole GP II LLC and BCPE Seminole GP III LLC, which are the general partners of BCPE Seminole Holdings II Intermediate LP and BCPE Seminole Holdings III, L.P., respectively. BCI does not direct investment decisions with respect to the securities managed by subsidiaries of Envestnet, Inc., including Envestnet Asset Management, Inc. and Envestnet Portfolio Solutions, Inc.
The shares of Climb Bio, Inc. listed in the Information Table with "OTR" investment discretion represent shares held by Sera Medicines, LLC ("Sera"). Funds advised by the Reporting Manager collectively own approximately 76.60% of the outstanding equity interests of Sera that would share in distributions of the shares of Climb Bio, Inc. or proceeds derived therefrom.  Investment discretion with respect to the shares held by Sera is shared with individuals not affiliated with the Reporting Manager.
* The positions reported in the table are held, directly or indirectly, by one or more entities engaged in the private equity business.  (1) The information contained herein includes 14,743,894 shares held by Bull Co-Invest, L.P., an affiliate of Warburg Pincus LLC.
TSG Consumer Partners LP (the "Reporting Manager") may be deemed to be part of a group of affiliated persons exercising investment discretion (or under common control with persons exercising control) with respect to the securities in the indicated rows. Except as otherwise indicated in reports filed under such provisions, the filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other manager with respect to the securities listed herein exercises investment discretion or is a member of, or is otherwise affiliated with, such a group with respect to such securities. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g) or 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any other person is the beneficial owner of any securities. Dutch Bros Inc. ("BROS") share numbers are presented on an as-converted basis and comprise 2,347,346 shares of Class C Common Stock and of Class A Common LLC Units of Dutch Mafia, LLC, a direct subsidiary of BROS. The Class A Common LLC Units and an equal number of shares of Class C Common Stock together are exchangeable for shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis at the discretion of the holder, subject to certain exceptions, conditions and adjustments, and have no expiration date.
VK Services, LLC serves as the manager of Khosla Ventures Associates V, LLC and Khosla Ventures Seed Associates B, LLC.
Bain Capital Venture Investors, LLC is the (i) manager of Bain Capital Venture Investors 2019, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Venture Fund 2019, L.P., and (ii) manager of Bain Capital Venture Coinvestment II Investors, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Venture Coinvestment Fund II, L.P.
Please note: The WSIB mainly uses external managers for its public equity. For more information, please review our website (https://www.sib.wa.gov/), which includes our investment reports ( https://www.sib.wa.gov/reports.html). 
* does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management X, Ltd. ** does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management VIII, Ltd., or Technology Crossover Management XI, Ltd. *** does not include shares reported by Technology Crossover Management VIII, Ltd.
Note: VR Adviser, LLC is filing this Form 13F on behalf of itself and the general partner entities of the investment funds for which it serves as the investment adviser, VHCP Management II, LLC, VHCP Management III, LLC, VHCP Management EG, LLC and Venrock Opportunities Management, LLC.
Shares in Deutsche Bank have been distributed as part of a planned in-kind redemption related to the restructuring of the investment vehicle.
Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors, LLC ("BCLSI") is (i) the general partner of Bain Capital Life Sciences Partners, LP, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund, L.P., (ii) the manager of Bain Capital Life Sciences Investors II, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund II, L.P., which is the manager of BCLS II Investco (GP), LLC, which is the general partner of BCLS II Investco, LP, and (iii) the manager of Bain Capital Life Sciences III General Partner, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Life Sciences Fund III, L.P., which is the (a) sole member of Bain Capital Life Sciences Opportunities III GP, LLC, which is the general partner of Bain Capital Life Sciences Opportunities III, LP and (b) the managing member of BCLS Fund III Investments GP, LLC, which is the general partner of BCLS Fund III Investments, LP. The information included on the Information Table with respect to the holdings of Annexon Inc. ("ANNX"), Dianthus Therapeutics, Inc. ("DNTH"), NewAmsterdam Pharma Company NV ("NAMS"), Olema Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("OLMA"), Savara Inc. ("SVRA"), Solid Biosciences, Inc. ("SLDB"), X4 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("XFOR") and Xilio Therapeutics, Inc. ("XLO") reflect the exercise of warrants and/or pre-funded warrants held by affiliates of BCLSI after giving effect to provisions that prevent the exercise of such securities if the beneficial ownership of such persons would exceed 9.99% of the underlying security following such exercise. As of March 31, 2025, affiliates of BCLSI held an aggregate of 4,474,126 shares of ANNX common stock, 1,689,374 shares of DNTH common stock, 10,473,913 ordinary shares of NAMS, 6,696,640 shares of OLMA common stock, 14,101,352 shares of SVRA common stock, 5,034,582 shares of SLDB common stock, 14,879,809 shares of XFOR common stock and 2,805,413 shares of XLO common stock.
The Reporting Manager, 72 Investment Holdings, LLC, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), CPV Partners, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-19347), and Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
The Reporting Manager, CPV Partners, LLC, is under common control with Point72 Asset Management, L.P. (Form 13F File Number 028-16256), Cubist Systematic Strategies, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-16258), Point72 Hong Kong Ltd (Form 13F File Number 028-16027), Point72 Europe (London) LLP (Form 13F File Number 028-17887), Point72 Italy, S.r.l. (Form 13F File Number 028-23927), Point72 Middle East FZE (Form 13F File Number 028-23094), Point72 (DIFC) Limited (Form 13F File Number 028-24178), Point72 Asia (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Form 13F File Number 028-17282), and 72 Investment Holdings, LLC (Form 13F File Number 028-20409). * Positions that are exempt from reporting under Special Instruction 10 to the Form 13F are excluded from this report. However, positions that would not be exempt when aggregated with positions of the same security held by (i) the Other Included Managers or (ii) certain affiliates of the Reporting Manager and reported on their own Forms 13F, are listed herein.
Michael J. Angelakis controls Atairos Partners GP, Inc., which is the general partner of Atairos Partners, L.P., which is the sole voting shareholder of Atairos Group, Inc. Atairos Management, L.P. provides investment input and advice to Atairos Group, Inc., but does not make investment decisions on behalf of Atairos Group, Inc.
The securities are owned directly by Syncona Portfolio Limited and indirectly by Syncona Holdings Limited, Syncona Limited, Roel Bulthuis, Christopher Hollowood and Kenneth Galbraith. Syncona Portfolio Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Syncona Holdings Limited, and Syncona Holdings Limited is a wholly controlled subsidiary of Syncona Limited, a publicly-listed company. Investment and voting decisions with respect to these shares are made by Syncona Portfolio Limited, acting upon the recommendation of Roel Bulthuis, Christopher Hollowood and Kenneth Galbriath, who comprise the investment committee of Syncona Investment Management Limited, also a subsidiary of Syncona Holdings Limited. Each of these entities disclaims beneficial ownership except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein, if any.
Anchor @ 65 Pte. Ltd. (the "Reporting Person") is indirectly and ultimately owned by Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited ("Parent"). There are internal barriers and procedures in place between the Reporting Person and Parent such that investment discretion over the Section 13(f) security positions reported herein is exercised by the Reporting Person independently of Parent. As such, the Reporting Person reports the Section 13(f) security positions over which it exercises investment discretion on a separate Form 13F from Parent.
Yorktown XI Company LP is the sole general partner of Yorktown Energy Partners XI, L.P. Yorktown XI Associates LLC is the sole general partner of Yorktown XI Company LP. As a result, Yorktown XI Associates LLC and Yorktown XI Company LP may be deemed to have the power to vote or direct the vote or to dispose or direct the disposition of the shares owned by Yorktown Energy Partners XI, L.P.
Yorktown X Company LP is the sole general partner of Yorktown Energy Partners X, L.P. Yorktown X Associates LLC is the sole general partner of Yorktown X Company LP. As a result, Yorktown X Associates LLC and Yorktown X Company LP may be deemed to have the power to vote or direct the vote or to dispose or direct the disposition of the shares owned by Yorktown Energy Partners X, L.P.
Yorktown IX Company LP is the sole general partner of Yorktown Energy Partners IX, L.P. Yorktown IX Associates LLC is the sole general partner of Yorktown IX Company LP. As a result, Yorktown IX Associates LLC and Yorktown IX Company LP may be deemed to have the power to vote or direct the vote or to dispose or direct the disposition of the shares owned by Yorktown Energy Partners IX, L.P.
The Reporting Manager does not have formal investment discretion with respect to all of the securities in the indicated rows in the Form 13F Information Table, but may be deemed to be part of a group exercising such investment discretion. Such group, if any, would include the managers identified in the column captioned "Other Managers" relating to a given issuer. The filing of this report shall not be deemed an admission, for purposes of Section 13(f), 13(d), 13(g), or 16(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules thereunder, or for any other purpose, that the Reporting Manager or any Other Manager exercises investment discretion or is a member of such a group with respect to such securities. Reference is made to reports filed under Sections 13(d), 13(g), and 16(a) of the Exchange Act for additional information with respect to such beneficial ownership and/or pecuniary interest of the Reporting Manager, any Other Manager and related entities.
THIS FILING LISTS A SECURITY HOLDING REPORTED ON THE FORM 13F FILED ON 02-14-2025 PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT AND FOR WHICH THE CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUEST EXPIRED BY ITS TERMS ON 05-15-2025.
This filing lists a security omitted from the public Form 13F filed on February 14, 2025, pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and for which such confidential treatment is no longer requested.
The shares are held by IA Venture Strategies Fund II, LP ("IAVS Fund II") and IA Venture Strategies II Side Fund, LP ("IAVS Side Fund II"). IA Venture Partners II, LLC is the General Partner of IAVS Fund II and IAVS Side Fund II. The General Partner has voting and investment control over the shares held by IAVS Fund II and IAVS Side Fund II. Roger Ehrenberg, Bradford Gillespie and Jesse Beyroutey are the members of IA Venture Partners II, LLC and may be deemed to have shared voting, investment and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by this entity. Mr. Ehrenberg, Mr. Gillespie and Mr. Beyroutey disclaim beneficial ownership with respect to such shares except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein.
Value Base Ltd. and various of its subsidiaries, including Value Base Fund Management Ltd. (the "Management Company"), exercise investment discretion with regard to the securities reported herein. The Management Company has been delegated management responsibilities by Value Base Fund General Partner Ltd. ("VBF General Partner"), which serves as general partner of the private investment fund Value Base Fund Limited Partnership, a Cayman Islands limited partnership. Each of the VBF General Partner and the Management Company is an Israel private company controlled by Value Base Ltd., which directly and indirectly holds a majority of the shares of each such company. Value Base Ltd., an Israeli company, is controlled by Messrs. Victor Shamrich and Ido Nouberger. This Form 13F shall not be construed as an admission by Value Base Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries that it is the beneficial owner of any of the securities covered by this Form 13F, and each of Value Base Ltd. and its subsidiaries  disclaims beneficial ownership of any such securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. Per informal guidance received from the Division of Investment Management, section 13(f) securities that are dual listed on a U.S. stock exchange and a non-U.S. stock exchange are included in this Form 13F only if they were purchased in the U.S.
